# 
RNA-sequencing analysis 
RNA-Seq analysis from frozen liver samples were performed as previously described (14). RNA was extracted from snap-frozen liver using the NucleoSpin RNA kit (Macherey-Nagel) according to the manufacturer’s instructions. Library preparation for RNA-seq was performed using TruSeq Stranded mRNA Library Prep Kit (Illumina), following the manufacturer’s guidelines and best practices. For quality control of the libraries, the samples were inspected with a Bioanalyzer chip (DNA 1000, Agilent). Sequencing was performed for paired-end samples on a HiSeq 2500 v4.0 system. The resulting fastq files were quality controlled using FastQC, and adapters were trimmed using TrimGalore! v0.4.0 (both developed at The Babraham Institute) for paired-end sequenced samples. The trimmed fastq files were aligned to the mouse reference genome (Mus_musculus.GRCm38.83) using STAR aligner (v2.5.1) (60). RSEM (v1.3.0) (61) was used to estimate gene-expression levels. Downstream analysis for differentially expressed genes (DEGs) from the raw count table was performed using edgeR (62) in R. Genes were considered differentially expressed at Benjamini-Hochberg’s FDR < 0.05.  Heatmaps were drawn using the R package gplots – heatmap.2; R package version 3.1.1; https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=gplots. Clustering columns and rows, and the values for each row were centred and scaled. Mapping of gene-expression levels to biological pathways was performed using Gene Set Enrichment analysis in Reactome (https://reactome.org) following mouse to human conversion of the DEGs list. Gene sets were obtained from the Molecular Signatures Database (Human MsigDB, version 5.0, collections).
